hi guys it's Valerie here in today's
video and all the latest news from
Hollywood another Hollywood biopic is
being rolled out who is 8 this time I'll
tell you after this
okay second did you be okay yeah I think
so
the biopic okay well this time it's
Freddie Mercury funny pictures and JK
films are pulling together the project
on the life of the Queen frontman rumor
has it that Tom Hooper who won the Best
Director Oscar for King's Speech
we'd be direct in the film Hooper seems
like a new perfect fit to the right
he's already directed ice-t-- Oracle
drama that was part biopic and a
sprawling epic musical the mercury story
would circle include both of those
elements meanwhile Sacha Baron Cohen who
worked with hooper on Lamesa hablar has
been set to star as the charismatic
queen frontman movie fans who hardly
know cohen from bharat may scoff at the
casting but he proved he can sing in the
miserable and birth somewhat of
resemblance to mercury if he box up a
bit that's all for today check out our
website a cinema news calm for all your
movie news see you next time